your time is now 8 11 and where's the
beef roaring stacey elgin has the answer
what I think Stacy's going to have to
pull out that treadmill after this
morning's email that she may have it
yeah we're she's a cheeseburger bobby's
and that place has been serving up
delicious gourmet burgers and fake
handspun milkshake since 2007 next week
the popular burger joint is unveiling a
brand-new menu item in honor of national
Twinkie day fox by space the ocean is
that cheeseburger bobby's in marietta
with all the details I need a
cheeseburger where is my cheeseburger I
know we were looking where is it we
couldn't find it on your Tuesday for a
cheeseburger today or what was that
place I gladly pay you Tuesday for a
hamburger Monday so when we pay you
Tuesday for a hamburger Monday today is
Thursday we're all that stuff oh well
we're just gonna resolve it yes it just
send them on over today okay I can do
that how about that okay what's your
favorite cheese just American i'm good
with american yeah american oh my gosh
I'm okay well I mine is cheddar so yeah
we're going to eat some burgers this
morning people are already having
hamburgers for breakfast okay how about
that hi look at those cute little girls
oh they're like okay let me take a bite
right now since I'm on TV mom she told
you to eat ok this is cheeseburger
bobby's two brothers started this
business and it started in 2008 and they
love being on TV so that's why we're
forcing them to be on this morning so
what's its your burgers apart from
everybody else's do it is it's the
freshness of a product are our burgers
are one hundred percent real ground beef
hand patty and formed in our in our
stores every day every day they're just
friends can be and we offer fresh cut
french fries and if you look around the
restaurant you know you won't see a
drive through everything is cooked order
in our restaurants and every this is a
family-friendly place I noticed that for
sure for sure it's a family restaurant
where families enjoy dining here you may
see a family of four can get out for
roughly 24 hours which is a tremendous
value in today's economy
yeah so it's about eight dollars for the
whole burger and fries penetrate which
is really good and you get all the
condiments with them yeah that's correct
you're the boss of your burger you
decide what you want oh well you know
who doesn't like to be the boss right
that is your life alien combinations
right there a million million
combinations and if you like extra
pickles we don't argue okay this is for
sure have it your way yeah so two
brothers I mean like is this your dream
to make burgers one day why it's a dream
to own your own business and the first
rule is that they say don't get in
business with your family but it's
worked out great for us no argument so
who gets the best burger I'm kidding so
we're up here we're going to go ahead
and next time Jeff we're going to taste
that burger I haven't been eating a lot
of french fries already i'm just a
missing the ketchup where's the ketchup
you don't seniority you're gonna taste
the burger what about us I told you I i
promise you I will make you better
burger we got to American cheese burgers
can we do that a couple burgers orphans
after you shake by the way chocolate
Thank You Tata